the
my name is Tana Brenly I'm faith
Johnson's mom
she's a patient of here at Nationwide
Children's Hospital has been for the
last year for a cancer we did not
suspect cancer at all faith started just
getting sick she had flu symptoms cold
symptoms constant that would not go away
she was nauseated her stomach hurt so on
October 19th she was at the babysitter's
and I got the call that she had
collapsed her legs had given out we
rushed her here to Nationwide Children's
Hospital they took her back gave her an
MRI and they pulled us out of the room
and told us that she had a
golf-ball-sized tumor on her cerebellum
and it was malignant brain tumor and
they told us they said she's going to
have to have surgery and see you know
what type it is we all just prayed
she was the first one in or the last one
to leave and when we got that phone call
I hit the floor on my knees they were
able to remove the entire tumor there's
no words to describe that moment
once they remove the entire tumor she
was all she had to do with radiation in
chemo when she should be okay she had
six weeks of radiation five days a week
and then she has been up here every
month she has a treatment that is
impatient anywhere from two days to it
can last a week how do they give it to
you here a bag in a QD but she's doing
amazing using the water first
she's conquering it all with a smile on
her face I think that her personality
and has helped her to get through this
she still smiles staying true to herself
and being that spunky girl that she is
Nationwide Children's Hospital Surgery
staff the nurses and the doctors they
saved my daughter's life
I can't thank them enough I mean the
doors are wide open for her she wants to
be a veterinarian or a cardiologist one
way or another I think she's going to be
in in this field a lot of it may be what
she's been through she's seen what these
people do they help people they take
care of people that's always been how
faith is she always cares about other
people before she worries about her
when we were going through the whole
naming process we decided to go with
faith you know just I've always loved
that name never thinking that later on
down the road
I would really understand why I chose
that name we were doing good before
we're doing a lot better just because we
have faith in more ways than one
you